= Bike Buddy

Bike Buddy is a web-based application to help new Austin-area bike commuters
find a "buddy" who will help them learn to commute by bicycle safely and
effectively, and for experienced bike commuters to offer their interest to
be a buddy.

The system is built with Rails 3.2.

The source repository for this project is:

https://github.com/chip-rosenthal/bike-buddy/issues

This note describes how to setup the application for development.


== Installation

* Download this package to your local system.

* The "devise" authentication package requires a server Javascript
  engine to run.  Currently the "Gemfile" specifies "therubyracer"
  (which I use under Linux).  If you use some other Javascript engine
  you may wish to comment that out.

  For more information on usable JavaScript engines, see:
  
    https://github.com/sstephenson/execjs
        
* Ensure required Ruby modules (gems) are present.
  Change into the project directory and run:

    $ bundle install
    
* Initialize the database. Run:

    $ rake db:migrate
    
* Start the server. Run:

    $ rails server
    
* The app should now be running. Visit:

    http://localhost:3000/


== Customization

To deploy Bike Buddy for another location, update the following:

* config/environments/production.rb -- If you run this somewhere
  without first adjusting "config.action_mailer.default_url_options"
  and "Devise.mailer_sender" I will punch you in the neck.

* config/initializers/bike_buddy.rb -- Defines latitude, longitude and
  range of service area.

* And, of course, the graphics in app/assets/images and the
  templates in app/views/*.

I hope, other than that, the app should be pretty portable.


== Support and Development

Issue tracking is here: https://github.com/chip-rosenthal/bike-buddy/issues

If you feel like contributing to the project, take a look here.

If you have any questions, problems, suggestions, please create a new issue.

Or, you can reach me by email:

Chip Rosenthal
chip@unicom.com

